The thing
I suppose around accessible documents
is that I do get very tired
of people saying
we need to make this accessible for Jodie,
rather than saying
we actually just need to make sure
this is accessible for everybody.
Title: Digital barriers in documents
so the challenges for me
are very much that I
then don't have access
to the same information
as everybody else at the same time.
So that can impact my ability
to respond to a document,
to collaborate and also to be able
to be informed when I'm making decisions
or a part of decision
making in the work place.
It's just really frustrating
because you can't access the material
when you sit down
and you want to access it.
So it's always on pause
and hold your always running on
somebody else's time frame.
It might mean for a work task
that I can't complete the work task
either
in the timeframe that my manager wants it.
And it's difficult
because people have this idea
that they'll get to it when they get to it
without realizing
that I'm running to a deadline.
So you don't have autonomy or self control
over the work that you're doing.
So it's frustrating.
Look, I think one of the biggest problems
that I confront is
achieving the same level of independence
as other people.
So the right to read something
and understand it independently.
Now, sometimes
it's formatted in a way that you can't.
You need somebody else to do it for you.
So it is a survey
they now know how you answered,
but everybody else normally would have
the right to do it confidentially.
And that is a real challenge
because you do feel
and that's the word I like to use,
diminished by the fact
that somebody else knows something.
They know your answer
when it's assumed that
that's a confidential answer.
Having to rely on someone else
to make the document or anything
accessible for me,
it does... It's...
It can be quite embarrassing
You know, sometimes I feel like
I'm not doing something right.
And it feels like
I'm obviously frustrated sometimes.
And and you're basically relying
on someone to do those,
you know, filling out
and writing down your details for you.
So, yeah,
it's it's frustrating, basically.